you
pair natural prayers in in Iraq are in
Aramaic or in new Arabic now in surah
especially so I think this language
because Jesus Christ is spoke it and
Virgin Mary also speaking and praying in
this language and also in Hebrew as you
know so we are very glad to have this
this language and we want to protect it
and we ask everyone especially here in
America or in Europe or everywhere to
keep this this language and also the own
language in this those countries so if
you want I can pray our Father who are
in heaven in the language of Jesus
Christ in Aramaic and also to the Virgin
Mary because I love her and she asked me
and she helped me to going to be
Dominica she met Barbara Branagh oh ha
ha ha ha
I mean I wond wish Mariana -
multi-female kutas may wish we are not
fakin uh - meow
oh la la my son connelly omana worship
lon ho bein WAPA hain a kannada Brooklyn
hey away la la la una a love salmon be
Shama Paul D LA hey Mel kuta
Oh hallo ich schwöre talam all Minami so
this prayer is in Aramaic old Aramaic
now I can sink a prayer of to Virgin
Mary in new army slum and Maryam Lita
Nami Mar on Mars
Bora tarpon Shambo fail a parrot Casa he
show Mariama Amidala home solemn Badal
on of knee hot boy now Gordon at
metonymy